hi , i'm david and i'm supposed to be an industrial designer . um , i just got the project announcement about what the project is . designing a remote control . that's about it , didn't get anything else . did you get the same thing ? cool . there's too much gear . okay . okay . great . okay . um so we're designing a new remote control and um oh i have to record who's here actually . so that's david , andrew and craig , isn't it ? and you all arrived on time . um yeah so des uh design a new remote control . um , as you can see it's supposed to be original , trendy and user friendly . um so that's kind of our our brief , as it were . um and so there are three different stages to the design . um i'm not really sure what what you guys have already received um in your emails . what did you get ? mm-hmm . is that what everybody got ? okay . um . so we're gonna have like individual work and then a meeting about it . and repeat that process three times . um and at this point we get try out the whiteboard over there . um . so uh you get to draw your favourite animal and sum up your favourite characteristics of it . so who would like to go first ? very good . mm-hmm . yeah . yeah . right . lovely . right . you can take as long over this as you like , because we haven't got an awful lot to discuss . ok oh we do we do . don't feel like you're in a rush , anyway . ach why not we might have to get you up again um i'm craig and i'm user interface . yeah . well , my favourite animal would be a monkey . then they're small cute and furry , and uh when planet of the apes becomes real , i'm gonna be up there with them . and i'm andrew and i'm uh our marketing expert . mm-hmm . mm-hmm . yeah , that's that's it . yeah . i will go . that's fine . alright . so this one here , right ? okay . very nice . alright . my favourite animal is like a beagle . um charac favourite characteristics of it ? is that right ? uh , right , well basically um high priority for any animal for me is that they be willing to take a lot of physical affection from their family . and , yeah that they have lots of personality and uh be fit and in robust good health . so this is blue . blue beagle . my family's beagle . i coulda told you a whole lot more about beagles . boy , let me tell you